ETC Course: 22. What Are Hot and Cold Wallets? (#1200)
ethereumclassic/ethereumclassic.github.io: content/blog/2023-05-18-ethereum-classic-course-22-what-are-hot-and-cold-wallets/index.md

The typical hot wallet setup is to have all your ETC on a Metamask wallet on your phone, for example.

## Cold Wallets

![Cold wallets.](./3.png)

The key of cold wallets, similar to but not exactly the same as hardware wallets, is to separate the private keys from the devices that we employ for daily use.

When you have a wallet app to see your crypto positions and prices, but you have the private keys segregated in another place, then it doesn’t matter whether you get hacked, lose your phone or computer, they are stolen, or if someone gains access while you are distracted. It is impossible to move ETC or any crypto asset if the private keys are not present to sign transactions.

The other key of cold wallets is that the private keys (or secret passphrases or private key JSON files) must be in places where they are never connected to the internet and they must never be used.

> This means that a typical cold wallet is and address where you only received crypto and hardly ever send any.

Reviewer: Line 49: Fix typo; Add quantifier
```suggestion
This means that a typical cold wallet is an address where you only receive crypto and hardly, if ever, send any.
```
